yeah
Yeah.
Camera, camera. yeah yeahI don't know why you get confused between Goja and camera.
yeah
yeah yeah yeah but then they're both big and they're both monsters
Well, I guess it's because of the jet.
because he has like a jet along with the spinning so when he can do that he can go (***)
And then he can cut through everything
yeah (***)
yeah
yeah And then? But then like...
But he can like, he has like two positions of flying. One is just regular spinning.
And up there is kind of like an airplane. It kind of looks like a sea turtle.
you
yeah
No, his arm got cut off. No, this one.
Oh, a hand actually, yeah.
(***)
And it's in. Yeah, because the flipper just came out.
Clifford just come out. Almost like he has back up arms.
I guess, I guess, I just don't see the point.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. like
Yeah, yeah, I think Will's the best. yeah
You know, if you think about it, he has armpit jets.
yeah they come out from like around the kid under like like under like around like
Section between where his
Like the flipper and the...
Jet? With the flipper and the...
the flipper and the shell connector
Like, between those points, that's where the jet comes from.
So it's kind of good. So you could say he has armpit jets.
Yeah, yeah yeah
yeah yeah imagine if they came out from wrong places like his mouth
I'm gonna come there for a moment.
yeah
Probably, but then...
Gosh, it won't be that strong though. Gunman can just use the cutting thing.
yeah
He's actually a bit taller. Oh, depending on which Goja you're talking about.
He's only 15 meters.
Yeah, original size. Camera at 60 meters in the animation.
60 meters in animation I think. yeah
yeah
Probably, but depends on which Gojira, as I said.
Yeah, we finally got that rolling downward. yeah
Oh yeah, I think you'll probably win too. If you just cut the head off.
Yeah, I'm coming out later.
Yeah, well you can do it like you're spinning and you can cut through.
Yeah.
Well, I guess.
but then I don't know if Gojira was quick enough then I don't know he might have a chance
But it was amazing.
yeah
I wonder where they got the idea of like...
flying turtle like
yeah
I like turtles, and then have the turtle.
Yeah, yeah
yeah
But then like, as the... What was that?
Uh, yeah.
uh no no A little further after, I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know. Maybe. Maybe not. I'm not really sure.
Like, I don't know who has the rights to Ghana.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know who has the right for that. But then, like, he can still be cool.
yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, the tusks.
Yeah, let's go there
yeah
yeah yeah That's cool. You have really good tusks.
yeah yeah
Yeah, no, actually, in the older movie, it's like Nagata actually...
Thank you.